Yo, wake up, who are you?
What the hell are you doing?
Your adoptive parents sold you to me
A smart little girl like you
You should know not to resist
Will suffer less
If you don't resist, won't you kill me in the end?
There is no comfortable way to die and no uncomfortable way to die.
Strangled or strangled like a rope
Playing with death is different
As beautiful as you, with big eyes
It must look good to cry
Young Master Rong just has a bit of a picky eye for women
Your family's withered grave looks good
Hahahaha
Pretty awesome.
Brother likes it, help, help
This guy is still a pervert
Am I really going to die here today?
Little sister, today is our wedding day
It's so fucking cruel
Since you don't like gentle
Then be rough, I warn you?
Don't mess around, you will regret it.
Regret, do you mean Young Master Rong?
He can't even protect himself, and let him come to save the beauty as a hero
Brother Cheng, don't live
Stop living
Brother Tao is not good
What are you doing?
I didn't see that I was busy. What's wrong?
There are a lot of people coming outside